d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\WebApplicationVB.dll.config
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\WebApplicationVB.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\WebApplicationVB.pdb
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\WebForms_Basic.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Owin.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\obj\Debug\WebApplicationVB.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\obj\Debug\WebApplicationVB.Resources.resources
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\obj\Debug\WebApplicationVB.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\obj\Debug\WebApplicationVB.dll
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\obj\Debug\WebForms_Basic.xml
d:\users\peemontenegro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationVB\WebApplicationVB\obj\Debug\WebApplicationVB.pdb
